Login 
	SMOKE
		Verify that cursor is focused on the “Username” text box on the page load (login page)
		Verify that the login screen contains elements such as Username, Password, Sign in button, Forgot password link, and create an account link.
		Verify that tab functionality is working properly or not
		Verify that Enter/Tab key works as a substitute for the Sign-in button
		Verify that all the fields such as Username, Password has a valid placeholder
		Verify that the labels hides when the text field is in focus or filled (In case of the floating label)
		Verify that the User is able to Login with Valid Credentials
	CHRITICAL PATH
		Verify that the User is not able to Login with an invalid Username and invalid Password
		Verify that the User is not able to Login with a Valid Username and invalid Password
		Verify that the User is not able to log in with an invalid Username and Valid Password
		Verify that the User is not able to log in with a blank Username or Password
		Verify that the User is not able to Login with inactive credentials
		Verify that the login credentials, mainly password stores in a database in an encrypted format
		Verify that clicking on the browser back button after successful login should not take the User to log out mode
		Verify that clicking on the browser back button after successful logout should not take the User to a logged-in mode
		Verify that the password is in encrypted form  (masked format) when entered
		Verify the password can be copy-pasted. System shouldn’t allow users to copy paste password.
		Verify that encrypted characters in the “Password” field should not allow deciphering if copied
		Verify that the User should be able to login with the new password after changing the password
		Verify that the user should not be able to login with the old password after changing the password
		Verify that spaces should not be allowed before any password characters attempted
		Verify whether the user is still logged in after a series of actions such as sign-in, close the browser, and reopen the application.
		Verify that the ways to retrieve the password if the user forgets the password
		Verify that the timeout of the login session (Session Timeout)
		Verify that the logout link is redirected to login/home page
		Verify that User is redirected to appropriate page after successful login
		Verify that the User is redirected to the Forgot password page when clicking on the Forgot Password link
		Verify that the User is redirected to the Create an account page when clicking on the Signup / Create an account link
		Verify that validation message is displayed in the case when User leaves Username or Password as blank
		Verify that validation message is displayed in case of exceeding the character limit of the Username and Password fields
		Verify that validation message is displayed in case of entering special character in the Username and password fields
		Verify whether the login form is revealing any security information by viewing the page source
		Verify that the login page is vulnerable to SQL injection
		Verify whether Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability works on a login page. 
		Verify the login page and all the fields in the login page are displaying without any break in different browsers
	EXTENDED
		+ valid email lowercase (e.g. graspy@gmail.ru) 
		+ valid email uppercase (e.g. GRASPY@GMAIL.RU)
		> local-part 
		+ with number  (e.g. 123bip@gmail.ru)
		+ with hyphen (e.g. 123-bip@gmail.ru)
		+ with underscore (e.g. 123_bip@gmail.ru)
		+ with dot (e.g. 123.bip@gmail.ru)
		+ unnecesarry cuotes (e.g. "email"@domain.com)  - 
		+ necesarry cuotes (e.g. "email..email"@domain.com)  -
		> domain part
		+ with number (e.g. bip@12345.com)
		+ with hyphen (e.g. 123bip@g-mail.ru)
		+ with underscore (e.g. 123bip@gma_il.ru)
		+ with two dot (e.g. 123bip@g.mail.ru)
		+ square brackets around ip address (e.g. email@[123.123.123.123]) - 
		+ non-ACSII (e.g. nathan@学生优惠.com)
		- no @ in address (e.g.	plainaddress)
		- no address (e.g. @domain.com)
		- garbage (e.g. #@%^%#$@#$@#.com)
		- leading dot in address (e.g. .email@domain.com) -
		- trailing do in address (e.g. email.@domain.com) -
		- multiple dots (e.g. email..email@domain.com) -
		- unicode charts in address (e.g. あいうえお@domain.com)
		- leading dash in domain ( e.g. email@-domain.com)
		- leading dot in domain (e.g. email@.domain.com)
		- incorrect IP ( e.g. email@111.222.333.44444) -
		- multiple dots in domain (e.g. email@domain..com)
		- length local part +1 symbol (e.g. qwertyuioplkjhgfdsxcvbnmwrpjgaoigharihgprehgioherettuyhtdlgfdkgfi@domain.com) - -
		- length domain part +1 symbol (e.g. bush@qwqtweyruityopiiiiiiiiiiiuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssddddddddddddddddffffffffffffffffffhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggggggggggggjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.com

Singup
	SMOKE
		Verify that the Registration form contains Username, First Name, Last Name, Password, Confirm Password, Email Id, Phone number, Date of birth, Gender, Location, Terms of use, Submit, Login (If you already have an account)
		Verify that tab functionality is working properly or not
		Verify that Enter/Tab key works as a substitute for the Submit button
		Verify that all the fields such as Username, First Name, Last Name, Password and other fields have a valid placeholder
		Verify that the labels float upward when the text field is in focus or filled (In case of floating label)
		Verify that clicking on submit button after entering all the mandatory fields, submits the data to the server
	CRITICAL PATH
		Verify that system generates a validation message when clicking on submit button without filling all the mandatory fields.
		Verify that entering blank spaces on mandatory fields lead to validation error
		Verify that clicking on submit button by leaving optional fields, submits the data to the server without any validation error
		Verify that case sensitivity of Username (usually Username field should not follow case sensitivity – ‘rajkumar’ & ‘RAJKUMAR’ acts same)
		Verify that system generates a validation message when entering existing username
		Verify that the character limit in all the fields (mainly username and password) based on business requirement
		Verify that the username validation as per business requirement (in some application, username should not allow numeric and special characters)
		Verify that the validation of all the fields are as per business requirement
		Verify that the date of birth field should not allow the dates greater than current date (some applications have age limit of 18 in that case you have to validate whether the age is greater than or equal to 18 or not)
		Verify that the validation of email field by entering incorrect email id
		Verify that the validation of numeric fields by entering alphabets and characters
		Verify that leading and trailing spaces are trimmed after clicking on submit button
		Verify that the “terms and conditions” checkbox is unselected by default (depends on business logic, it may be selected or unselected)
		Verify that the validation message is displayed when clicking on submit button without selecting “terms and conditions” checkbox
		Verify that the password is in encrypted form when entered
		Verify whether the password and confirm password are same or not